Test Scenarios of ATM Machine
1. Verify the slot for ATM Card insertion is as per the specification
2. Verify that user is presented with options when card is inserted from proper side
3. Verify that no option to continue and enter credentials is displayed to user when card is
inserted correctly
4. Verify that font of the text displayed in ATM screen is as per the specifications
5. Verify that touch of the ATM screen is smooth and operational
6. Verify that user is presented with option to choose language for further operations
7. Verify that user asked to enter pin number before displaying any card/bank account
detail
8. Verify that there are limited number of attempts up to which user is allowed to enter
pin code
9. Verify that if total number of incorrect pin attempts gets surpassed then user is not
allowed to continue further- operations like blocking of card etc. gets initiated
10. Verify that pin is encrypted and when entered
11. Verify that user is presented with different account type options like- saving, current
etc.
12. Verify that user is allowed to get account details like available balance
13. Verify that user same amount of money gets dispatched as entered by user for cash
withdrawal
14. Verify that user is only allowed to enter amount in multiples of denominations as per
the specifications
15. Verify that user is prompted to enter the amount again in case amount entered is not as
per the specification and proper message should be displayed for the same
16. Verify that user cannot fetch more amount than the total available balance
17. Verify that user is provided the option to print the transaction/enquiry
18. Verify that user user's session timeout is maintained and is as per the specifications
19. Verify that user is not allowed to exceed one transaction limit amount
20. Verify that user is not allowed to exceed one-day transaction limit amount
21. Verify that user is allowed to do only one transaction per pin request
22. Verify that user is not allowed to proceed with expired ATM card
23. Verify that in case ATM machine runs out of money, proper message is displayed to user
24. Verify that in case sudden electricity loss in between the operation, the transaction is
marked as null and amount is not withdrawn from user's account
